Clarifying BigQuery unit test (#5367)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-properties/data-types.md

           struct_field: 'struct("Isha" as name, 22 as age)'
           struct_of_struct_field: 'struct(struct(1 as id, "blue" as color) as my_struct)'
           struct_array_field: ['struct(st_geogpoint(75, 45) as my_point)', 'struct(st_geogpoint(75, 35) as my_point)']

>            # All fields in a BigQuery 'struct' need to be specified in a unit test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
           # Make sure to include all the fields in a BigQuery `struct` within the unit test.
```
